# newSocialSystem
This is an open source project for modeling individual and social behavior of humans using machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Why is such a thing needed?
About 200 years ago, humanity entered a new era of its life, whose founders promised freedom, prosperity, and development for all human beings. Economic, social, and political theories were expressed one after the other in an attractive and correct way, and human beings have a way out. It was not tested to make sure it was correct. The price of this trial and error was the lives of millions of people all over the earth and the suffering of billions of people.
Millions of people were killed to make us realize that feudalism is not the answer. And then millions of people were killed to realize that communism is not what man was looking for. Fascism, socialistism, feminism, etc., each of them left countless wounds and sufferings on the body of humanity.
After going through these sufferings, many thinkers like Fukoya thought that capitalist liberalism is the end of history and the utopia of mankind.
Now it seems we are in a similar situation again. Democracies based on capitalism and individual freedom and civil society have left disastrous results in the economy, society and environment of the world. Millions of homeless in rich countries and high crime and rape statistics in these countries and poverty and hunger in other parts of the world. Along with thousands of billions of military budgets and trillions of dollars in debt. Was this what we and the thinkers expected?I don't think so
I don't want and I shouldn't criticize social thinkers, experts and philosophers whose ideas have brought about the current result. Because man is a complex creature with diverse behaviors. Modeling millions of human actions to a theory over the years and its various results and possibilities is not something that the human mind can do. Therefore, many thinkers (of course not all) should not be criticized because the results of their theories are so much with The facts are far from being blamed. 
But today we have different conditions, for the first time in the history of mankind, thanks to computer modeling based on artificial intelligence and machine learning, we may be able to know the results of a political and social theory and fashion without trying it and the lives of millions of people in Let's risk another trial and error.
And this is a special role that God has planned for programmers. Maybe now is the time for programmers to use their codes to save humanity from a worse tragedy or a continuation of the current tragedy. And this is the reason why you are here and reading this text.
What is the main idea?
Creating an artificial intelligence program that can more and more model the results of a theory in philosophy, social, economic and political sciences by modeling human behavior. It's amazing!!! isn't it?
Imagine that in 1935, when Hitler gave the "vital space" theory, the Germans could have known that the result of supporting such an idea would be a world war with 100 million dead and wounded and the destruction of their country again.
